[Autogenerated] in the next part of our module.
We're going to work with codedeploy on.
We're going to deploy to an easy to or scare the group in this demo.
We're going to cover the following.
We're going to create a hello world application.
We're gonna create an easy to or scaling group with a large configuration.
I'm going to create a low bone, sir,
we're going to create the codedeploy application.
Then we're going to deploy it on.
Then we're going to update it.
Okay, So for our hello world demo, we're going to need just four files.
We'll need an index file with some simple hates your melon.
We're going to need an app spec file,
which is going to tell our codedeploy agent what to run on,
where to run it and how to run it.
You can see in here that will upload in our index html file into a factory on.
You can see there's a hook section now we just gets needed before install hook.
But there's many of her hooks available and you can check
them out on the edge of best documentation.
The hooks are going to call and install script,
which is just installing a pack tree.
We can also see it's going to call a start script,
which is going to start the Apache service.
And that's all we're going to need for this demo to
get something up and running.
Okay,
so the first thing we're going to need is a bucket
store our ____ world application.
So I'm on the x ray dashboard.
I'm going to create a bucket, remember?
That s three buckets.
Need to have a unique identify.
Let's go into that.
Book it on.
Let's upload our zip.
Awesome.
That actually we go to do is create the or scaling group on the lobe.
Answer.
So let's go over to the dashboard.
We'll create Ooo scaling group.
Good night.
We need to create a launch configuration.
Will select Amazon Lennox T to micro is fine.
We'll give it a name.
We're going to go thio hour.
I am roll and we're going to select the one that we created Alia
and then we're going to give it a start script.
So remember all of the commands that we passed in
earlier to instill the agent What?
We're gonna do the same thing again.
Remember to replace this with your region.
Next storage eight gigabytes.
His fire.
Now the security group, we're going to need tohave Sshh from my I p address.
We're gonna need http from our internal V p c i p address.
So the default vpc is that?
Let's pop that in there from customer e Perfect.
Let's also add on S S H one full internal too.
We can use that for the health check, have you?
Perfect.
So select that Keeper.
Create the launch configuration.
Okay, close that.
I don't need the V p c I p Address page anymore.
Go back to the old scaling group will hit,
refresh, and then we'll select our new launch conflict.
Perfect.
Right.
Next.
Select our default.
VPC.
We're gonna do it across all of the sub nets.
Hit next.
We're going to create a low part, Sir, we use a classic one.
We don't have one yet, so let's create one.
Sign a security group and create a new one on dhe We will allow Hey,
http access from our i p address so we know that's
locked down to us health check.
Let's set it to TCP on.
We'll set it to port 22 on,
We'll change the level down to six seconds on the healthy.
Fresh old, too.
I don't need to add any easy two instances just yet on, we'll create the lobe.
Answer.
Perfect.
Now let's close that and let's go back to our or scaling group
hit Refresh and select our new low bouncer E C.
To health checks.
Fine.
Let's give it desired capacity of two to make it a J.
We don't need to scare them policy.
Oh, that's hit next.
That's not had any notifications yet.
And we'll talk about this in the next section.
I don't need any tax on review.
Perfect.
Everything's in place.
Let's create a little scaling group.
Now, if we go with the instances, we should see those spitting up and,
you know, Okay, brilliant.
Now are instances are spitting up.
They're going to install the CODEDEPLOY agent on them on dhe.
We can then go to codedeploy toe, actually deploy some code.
So let's head over there now.
First thing we're going to do is create the code to pull application.
We'll give it a name.
We'll select easy to slash on premise.
Well, quite application.
Next, we're going to create the deployment group.
We're going to give it one of the roles we created earlier.
You see, to you well in place deployment is fine,
but you can also do Blue Green Andrea against his a
plate to our little skating group.
All it wants is fine on Dhe.
We have a classic low bar on Dhe.
There is, So let's create that deployment group.
Also.
Let's just check that those instances of Finnish men in it Okay,
now those instances have finished.
Starting up.
Let's go back over to co deployed on.
Let's create a deployment.
This deployment revision is gonna live in Amazon s free.
So is it We don't need a description.
That's great.
Our deployment.
While this is the plane,
you can see the events of what's happening on each of the instances.
So we can see here that code to place the plant to both of
our instances in our or scanning group.
So let's have a look at the events.
Perfect.
Look at that.
Succeeded.
So here you'll notice some of the event names on their
their hooks that Aaron the app speck fell.
So we're here.
We have the before install that we used that all looks like it's succeeded.
Fantastic.
Let's go back to our deployment.
Perfect.
Two of two instances Updated.
So let's have a look.
Let's go back to our load, balancer.
Let's get the Dean s name on.
Let's check.
That's now Live boom! How easy was that?